Hello, everyone.
So here I have filled all the values of the table.
You saved some time.
And I just want to trace back.
Right.
So basically, what's my final answer?
This is my final answer.
This particular self tells me whether the sum of 12 is possible from the above 88 from the whole area.
So we can see that, yes, the sum of 12 is possible.
Let's see what are the different ways in which I'm getting this sum of light?
So let's face it.
Of course, we'll have multiple answers here.
So we can have multiple answers.
But I'm just I will just trace back one answer right here from this one.
This one actually comes from two places.
Right.
What is the first place?
The first places.
Okay, let me see.
In the first place is this.
And this again, places below -19 without a bond.
So, of course, this is coming from only one place.
And which is.
Admitted.
So this 512 is coming from four Roma.
Well, that means 19 is not included in my answer.
But because we are moving, just a stop means x minus one comma y, which was the exclusion.
Now this one, we can easily see that it is not coming from above zero because above is zero.
Right.
That means the or we we're digging.
All right.
If it is zero, then it has to be something on the left of it, which is, well, minus five, where
it is still minus five, seven.
So we can see that big.
Almost seven is true.
Right.
So that means it's coming this way.
Coming from this particular I mean, this one is coming from this one, which means that it is Eddie.
Yeah.
Eddie's here.
Five.
Or.
That means five is included in my solution, but I'm including it.
It's coming from the second part.
Now this one.
So here what we can see is the values or 8 to 10 minutes for this tree.
We see that it's not coming from this particular cell, which is Takoma tree, but it is coming from
comma seven.
That means forest not included in my eight.
And this.
And then finally, this particular seven is coming from.
This is zero comma.
It is one comma zero.
That means I'm moving left.
That means I'm using the second.
That means it is included in my solution.
And this one, Gamma Zero, is coming from this zero zero.
That means I'm moving upwards, including it.
I'm not including.
But you can see easily that this seven plus five is equals two.
But so here it's not, you know, this this table not only tells me about 12, but it also tells me
what 1111 sum is possible from the first end element, which is here, whether ten is possible, whether
nine is possible, it is possible or not.
So it is a multipurpose table.
So what I would suggest is.
Why don't you try and trace this back like five and 11, like from various 511?
How is a sum of 11 being informed by.
Five elements.
Eight.
Try to trace it back and see.
Solution for yourself right now.
Of course, I can tell you about it.
Yeah.
So.
It's called this.
Well.
So this was the normal substitution problem from.
Bottom up recursive approach.
Now, let me call this as a bottom up route.
So what I have is I have some comma end.
And.
Oh, okay.
So let's dig at it one bit.
Okay.
So let's dig the area as a one based index and let's say.
At a it starts from one to win.
I want to bring this exact table.
And I I've taken things one basic index here.
What I do is I this scene.
And what let's do one thing, let's say of the radicals to pull this making the sequester zero.
Because here also if I take zero, doesn't it zero zero.
But zeroes in this problem actually doesn't make.
And finally, let's make this table call.
DP And what is the number of rows in this?
It is not equal to and plus one the columns are some plus one.
And after this, what we'll do is we'll optimize it also will we can optimize the memory complex.
So here what we can see is it's on a loop.
It.
Let's see.
Look, this can be a bowling alley as well.
We can have this in L.A., also in Brisbane.
It's a billionaire.
Well, because we have to her tend to avoid it.
And I'll give you a follow up problem, guys.
Why don't you try?
The problem is, instead of finding whether it is possible, if I know the number of its number of ways
in which.
It's possible from the given that it ain't be exactly one thing you know for what we live will have.
Right.
And then you'll realize it.
Now we will go, Dylan.
Finally, we will start.
From zero and quarter.
We are going over all diary the column.
So what's the specialty about the first row?
So I can see that.
If it's let's make this special, these cases and these special cases.
So what's the basis?
Let's talk about.
Why don't I just fill the first row automatically or.
Cool.
Cool could do it anyways in the best.
It's easier.
You can fill the first row here or you can fill the first row here as with it so you can try both the
is ready to let me right over there only it's a deep zero zero is one that means it's true.
That means, you know, if something is not possible, if there's no element.
And let me fill the first column.
Will.
It's filled.
The first column was column start and now it will start from there and go to some and I will fill it
with ab00 is.
All that means not some, nor some is possible from the zero elements.
Well, not it started from one because we feel dizzy.
So now it will be very easy for us.
So what I'll do is I'll simply say that DP IED is nothing, but it is illegal to DP a minus one committee.
It would just follow.
It is false.
Otherwise it will destroy.
It will be true.
And then I can never second guess.
Which is it?
The idea is not.
Uh.
Yeah.
So the second case is only possible if.
Evolution of a straight D equation.
The equation is simple.
Everybody is also, you know.
Or equals to BP.
I minus one and D-minus.
This was a great debate.
Articles written by Minassian commanding minor say We don't have to worry about this one because we
are starting from one and we are pretty.
You wrote.
We just have to worry about this.
J minus eight does not go below zero, so we'll just add a new field and do my nausea.
It'd be great anyway, but you know, to say is greater than or equal to a third.
And if it is in good any good way, then it will take.
Or.
So.
This is the normal solution.
This is exclusion, illusion.
Illusion.
Rule two, I have both exclusion and inclusion here.
And this will go over and then.
And finally, what I bring I just sprint and comma.
Eight.
Oh, yeah.
Well, some of the world is possible.
Let's bring some of country to.
Though some offering to do is.
Okay.
What are some?
Yep.
So right now what we have is we have an Amazon that I hope you all understood this problem and.
It means you in the.
But.
I just want to check if I'm missing something here because I'm not going to do.
Should not be possible.
Was it possible?
I'm afraid it is not possible from these elements.
Or is it?
Okay.
I take it.
And we are going.
And yeah, so I just moved doing the next fight and if we'll discuss how to optimize the memory of this
pool.